it is game night I got a new laptop
absolutely.you there's a cyber cafe that
I've been working out and this computer
was sitting the lost-and-found for the
last three or four weeks hang on he
stole someone's computer didn't steal it
oh yeah up I found this folder it was
hidden and it automatically connects you
to this thing dude this is dark web or
dark web
probably the internet with no one
contract you solve out drugs illegal IDs
even assassination for hi-yah the dark
nut is mostly about the bad guys and
just computer it's got videos on the
right check this out I really think you
should stop I think that is real guys
that's what they're trading why all
those videos we have to do something
is that big guys hold up where's Lex oh
the ones you buy the videos the ones who
pick the girls to control this whole
time oh please leave us alone
I can hear you
[Music]